# Time Specific Encryption

This system implements the concept of Time-Specific Encryption (TSE) based on the research paper by Kenneth G. Paterson and Elizabeth A. Quaglia, published in Springer.

Research Paper: [Time-Specific Encryption](https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/978-3-642-15317-4_1#:~:text=In%20(Plain)%20TSE%2C%20a,a%20time%20in%20that%20interval.)

## Plain Time-Specific Encryption

In Time-Specific Encryption (TSE), a key, known as a Time Instant Key (TIK), is broadcasted by a Time Server at the start of each time unit. When sending a message, the sender can choose a specific time period, and the recipient can only decrypt the message if they have a TIK that corresponds to a time within that period. This approach extends TSE to the public-key and identity-based settings, where the receivers have private keys, public keys, or identities, and the decryption process requires the use of a private key and a valid TIK.

### System Overview

The system is divided into two sections:

#### Time Server

The Time Server is a separate server responsible for generating and broadcasting Time Instant Keys (TIKs). At the start of each time unit, the Time Server generates a new TIK and makes it available to the Encryption API. The TIK represents the current time interval and is required for message decryption.

#### Encryption API

The Encryption API provides the necessary functions and interfaces for the encryption and decryption processes. It takes into account the TIKs generated by the Time Server, allowing encryption at a specific time period and decryption using the appropriate private key and valid TIK.

## Installation

To install and set up the system, follow these steps:

1. Clone the project repository from GitHub:
```git clone https://github.com/Aryamanraj/timeSpecificEncryption.git```


2. Navigate to the project directory:
```cd timeSpecificEncryption```

3. Install the required dependencies:
```pip install -r requirements.txt```

4. Configure the Time Server:
- Update the necessary settings for the Time Server, such as network configurations and key generation parameters.

5. Configure the Encryption API:
- Adjust any required settings for the Encryption API, such as integration with the Time Server, public key management, and encryption/decryption logic.

## Usage

To use the system, follow these steps:

1. Start the Time Server:
- Launch the Time Server and ensure it is running and accessible to the Encryption API.

2. Use the Encryption API:
- Integrate the Encryption API into your application or system.
- Use the provided functions and interfaces to encrypt messages at specific time periods.
- Ensure the recipient has the appropriate private key and a valid TIK for decryption.
